# DataStroke
The project is a simple way to collect data and create it through custom designed processes. This becomes the database. Then a user can make a widget with the various types of data available by defining what data types of data to include, what to create and what sources to check asynchronously. The possible specifications are limited by design so things don’t get out of hand from the user perspective and it becomes realistic to build this app.      The software is focused on making widgets, little fairly simple utilities that do basically one thing. The widget is an assemblage of various types of data, processing and asynchronous actions in order to achieve a more complicated goal. The novelty of this approach is that for specific kind of goals (more on that in a more technical write up), a person who knows what they are doing can make these simple functions easily or even on the fly and the types of goals can be very useful and both commonplace or esoteric depending on the user’s design. By "knows what they are doing" I mean having a certain degree of expertise on the topics they’re documenting and what information is both useful and reusable later. The other side of this is that if the person is fairly good at this and they make a mistake, because design in this is so easily changeable its forgiving and errors can be identified and fixed without creating a huge mess of other things that also need to be corrected because one thing was changed. The primary features are: You can create new features to collect and process information as needed. The information you’re dealing with is just sets that correspond to information and the widget supports many different functions so you can draw from information from many sources and collected for many different purposes and use that data for a purpose that was never originally intended much more easily than when data is contained in a purpose based category. That’s because each piece of data had a real world locus, not an arbitrary category as the route to its location. You can run calculations on the network of relationships. This means that you can tease out specific features and find the circuit made by different associations between the data.   One disadvantage is that if the totality of data and relationships is not occasionally pruned it can become unmanageable.
